Well, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. It has been an amazing 24 hours. I
am just burning with the fire
of the Lord today. I am so excited to
come on here and talk to you
and tell you what the Lord
did last night. I am in
awe
at what the Lord—I have so many
different directions I could go right
now. But first, I want to
tell you all how exciting it is that I
heard all the testimonies about the
Coachella assassination attempt.
The sheriff came on
there and said he had fake passports, he
had fake driver's license plates, he
had guns and everything inside of his
car.
They released him on bail for
$5,000,
but he didn't do anything
because
God intervened. People were like,
"Well, where did you prophesy
this?"—the
doubters. The Lord had me
pray very hard for Coachella. I kept
praying for this word
"Coachella,"and
I kept getting this in
the spirit realm. So, I told my friend
about it and he helped me Google it.
Then my wife helped me Google this word.
We're going to pray for these major
events and big gatherings of people, for
nothing to happen. The Lord said, "This
is how they're going to run their
campaign in 2024."And he said, "You
need to tell the people to pray and hear
the voice of the Lord concerning every
place they go in their day-to-day
activity, major events, and going with
crowds and concerts."That's why I prayed
for Coachella. The Lord
had me praying for this. We'll pray
against it for this year.
I've been praying over Coachella; there are a lot of events to pray over.
When I warned you
all about the shootings at Coachella that
were
coming up in a couple of days,
that was a warning I got this
time last year. And the Lord told me,
"Pray over this. This is a plot
from the enemy."I told you about
George Soros and these people
over there. I saw bad men over in Europe
having a meeting with the devil at the
same time last year when he
warned me to pray over Coachella and said
that they were plotting something
against it. The Lord warned me
about that and told me to pray for that. I
intercede for a lot of things, y'all. But
they said, "Well, you've missed it. How many
things have you gotten to come to pass
that
the Lord shows you?"And I say, "Man,
I've sat on stuff for five years,
sometimes longer, before anything ever
starts to be in the news."I'm still
praying over the thing in Italy the Lord
showed me when I warned you all that a
major volcano was going to go off and it
was going to wipe out the whole coastal
city. I saw over 300,000
people—boom—dead
that fast because of
the volcano going off. I'm
trying to steer you all to
show you where I'm at and where I've
been praying. So, praying over
Coachella, and then the Lord was warning
me about big gatherings again. I was
sent an email and even a text from a
friend telling me, "Hey, do you remember
praying over
Coachella?"I
got this and
I've been praying over Coachella.
The Lord will show me, like I
said, way in advance
of
events trying to manifest, and I
take
authority over them so that they don't
manifest. I saw
a
mass shooting event happening at
Coachella and the Lord said, "I want you
to pray over this event so that this
does not take place."Well, I thought it
was the concert event. Maybe it was;
I don't know. Like I
said, we hear in part and we see in part.
So when you're looking through
the filter of what the
Lord is
trying to tell you, you just keep
praying. The Lord told me to start
praying over this, that this was a
serious thing to pray over. Well, my
friend sent me a text and he said, "Hey
Brandon, did you see that
President Trump was going to Coachella
to hold a rally
there?"I
had no idea. So, with the things
that you get in the spirit of warnings
and prayer, you try to put your own mind
to it and you get in trouble because
you're thinking it's the concert.
All I know is that's what we
pray. Whether it was the
presidential thing that's going to
happen this weekend with
the speech and all that, I don't know,
because all I know is the Lord warned me
and told me to pray over this stuff.
But did it witness with me that this
could be it? Yeah. I thought this
is
probably it. More than likely, we were
going to pray over Coachella again, this
Trump rally that's coming on Saturday,
and if there are any plots or
any plans, we call them exposed in
Jesus'name—that
they would be caught in
the name of Jesus. We call
for
supernatural wisdom over the Secret
Service, supernatural wisdom over the
FBI—the
good
FBI—CIA,
Homeland Security, all of them.
The Riverside County Sheriff's
Department just announced an arrest from
former President Donald Trump's rally in
Coachella.
If you're asking me right now, I
probably did have deputies that
prevented the third assassination
attempt. A man carrying several guns and
fake passes was stopped by police at a
rally in Coachella Valley over the
weekend. This
is
not about boasting about my platform, but
about warning you to pray
and
intercede on behalf of America because
God is not done with America. God is not
finished with what he's about to do in
America. There is going to be a great
harvest of souls beyond anybody's
comprehension that's about to come to
this land.
I was thinking about the old
Welsh
revival
and how they said the glory of God came
with fire.
It happened so strongly that the
miners who would work in the
mines in Wales in that area
had to shut down the mines because
the mules and the
donkeys that were working only knew how
to take commands with cuss words. But
when the fire of God came on those
miners
and they got the Holy Ghost on
their mouths and were delivered from
things, they stopped the profanity.
So, the donkeys and the
mules did not know how to respond
anymore. They had to shut down the
mines because the glory came. It took
time to train the
donkeys and the mules again.
The glory came there, and they were
asking one little girl,
"What do you feel about what's happened
to the revival
here?"And
she said, "It's like Jesus; we have
Sunday every
day."All
I can say is, "Lord, do it
again."There
was an awe with the presence of
God throughout the whole city. There
was
an awe on every street corner.
And I'm telling you, we had revivals in
the 1700s with John Wesley and
Finney.
The glory would come so
strongly
when they would preach in these
revivals that they would tell people
to
get out of the trees because they
would climb them to
get a better view. But John Wesley would
warn them to get out of the trees
because when he would speak, the glory
of God would fill up the outside—not in an
inside building—but the presence of the
Lord would weigh so strongly that the
power of God would knock people out of
the trees, and he didn't want them to
get hurt.
I'm telling you, a glory will come
again. I'm telling you, an outpouring of
his presence is coming again.
One last call: the Lord warns me and
tells me today when I pray.
Thank God he spared Trump's life again.
It was a call to prayer for 30 days. But
the enemy has a plan, ladies and
gentlemen. I've told you even five
or
six days after the
election—if
you didn't believe me before, do
you believe me now when I tell you the
Lord tells me to come on here and warn
you about what's coming?
Maybe this time when you see the next
sign, maybe you will listen.
I pray you do because I'm trying as a
watchman on the wall, yelling with all I
have to warn you that Jesus Christ is
coming—not
for
anything else, but to warn you that Jesus
is coming. Jesus is coming,
and there is a great outpouring of
His
Spirit that's coming. There is a great
shaking
to awaken. People don't
want to hear about the other side of the
coin, the dark side. But there
are
dark days coming, just as there are light days
coming.
I try very hard now to speak
about both.
But when I have told you about financial
crisis, things that I've seen
coming—a
dollar shaking, worth fifty cents on the
dollar, the seizing of the monies in the
bank,
warning you of a Great Depression with
people lined up for miles trying to get
food—warning
you that I've seen an asteroid
hit in the Atlantic Ocean,
a great
explosion in Poland,
and
an acceleration of war. I've
seen Israel attack Iran and
the oil,
so much so that Saudi Arabia
and the BRICS nations will
come together stronger
against the petrodollar. I saw the
oil go over two hundred dollars a barrel. I saw
gasoline going well over eight, nine, or ten dollars a
gallon on average.
Is it supposed to scare you?
No. It's to warn you and to
prepare you. I bring
these things up to warn you, to shake
you, to say, 'Listen, we can
pray.'I
didn't come on this channel to tickle your ears or to entertain you, to make you go,
'Well, that was a really good message;
it
gave me goosebumps,'and then go back to
your apathy, your
laziness,
and
your being slothful
and asleep. I come on here to
shake you, to tell you that there's
a plan afoot for the devil's work. But
God has a plan that's bigger. And if we
would plug ourselves in and get excited
about what God is going to do in these
last days, and humble ourselves and pray and
turn from our wicked ways, then He said
we would hear from heaven and He would
heal our land.
You all think Donald Trump is going to
save America. But there is only one
person that will save America, and that
is Jesus Christ and an awakening unto
God. America
will not be saved without an awakening
unto God.
America is in the place where we're
trying to change the fruit of America
without changing the root.
And a lot of you think we
can just change the fruit, but the
problem is the root is bad. Donald
Trump isn't going to
change the fruit. The
problem is we're not preaching
righteousness and holiness in the
pulpits anymore. We preach a
lukewarm, seeker-friendly message.
We're feeding the babies porridge and
milk, and they don't have meat to grow because
we aren't
teaching the Word of God to the
people—the
meat of the Word, the ABCs of
faith—teaching
them how to live by faith and
how to stay strong, how to cast out
devils, to do the Great Commission, to
lay hands on the sick and see them
recover, to raise
the dead, to bring sight to the
blind, to open ears,
and
to tell the lame to leap and walk.
We have that ability on the inside of
us.
Jesus Christ lives on the inside of
every single one of you.
And I have such an urgency today,
an urgency to tell you like Paul
Revere
yelling on his horse, 'The
British are coming! The British are
coming!'but
to tell you in the
midnight hour that I'm riding on the
horse through town after town
via
this YouTube channel, telling
the whole world
that Jesus Christ is
coming,
and yet you're still asleep.
I yell from the mountaintops that Jesus
is coming. I had a visitation again last
night. I cannot tell you what He said
this time
because it was for me,
but
I can tell you this: He said, 'A lot of
the older generals are going to start to
go home, and you're going to see a new
generation of Davids rise
up.'You
will see this shortly:
a
great move of His presence beyond
anything
you've ever
seen before.
It's not years
away anymore; it's not days away. It's
now.
You're going to start to see the
manifestation of things.
I'm telling you all, it's time to get
your hearts right before the Lord Jesus
Christ.
It's time for you to seek Him like
you've never sought Him before.
Jesus is
the
healer;
He's the same yesterday, today, and
forever, and you're about to see it. I
went to a healing service last night,
and the power of God knocked me on my
rear.
My wife and children were all
touched by the glory. And we got a word
from the minister there.
We
prayed for my little girl Megan,
and the glory filled the
room.
You know, when you go and you're not
expecting much, you're just excited
to be a part of
things.
I never anticipate
anything like
that—a
word from anybody. I just go and
want to watch someone else get
blessed. I'm excited just to be there.
But he asked for people to come up and
tell their testimonies about what God
had done for them in the past. And I
went and
told them
about taking
her to that service a couple
of
years ago when he prayed for her and,
within a week or two, my daughter was
completely potty trained.
Supernaturally, even though the doctors said
Megan would never be potty trained. They
told us that she would maintain the
level of eighteen months
for
the rest of her life
and to never expect her to be potty
trained.
There were so many negative things
that neuropsychologist said.
That's when I told him all things
are possible to him that believes. He
told
my wife, 'You all are in denial.
You need to come
to reality. I've never seen, in thousands
and thousands of cases over thirty
or forty
years,
an
autistic child ever healed.'And that's
when my wife looked at him and said,
'But my daughter will be. She'll be the
first, and we're going to come back here
and give you a
testimony.'Well,
we stood and stood, and when
there is nothing else to do, you stand.
Whenever you don't see the
fruit of what you're believing for in
full manifestation, you keep
standing. You don't give up. Faith calls
those things that be not as though they
were. So we believe some more; we keep
standing. You find your Bible verses,
you keep reading them, and you keep
believing it.
Then we had the encounter,
and Megan started pottying on the stool.
Within just a day, she
woke up, sat down,
and
went to the
bathroom—that
was a miracle in itself,
and it's been progressive.
But a miracle is a miracle even if it's
progressive,
especially when you realize how
far she has come. Well, last
night we took her again,
and he asked if anybody had a
testimony.
So I went
down to the front to tell him about
Megan,
just excited about it, saying,
'God, this is a big deal,'because we spent a
lot of money on
adult diapers, and they're very
expensive.
He laid hands on her, and the power
of God went all over
her.
He gave us a word
about our ministry,
gave a word over my wife,
and
really filled us with fire
and encouragement.
I'm expecting
a supernatural turnaround.
I'm expecting—I told you
there will be a day when my daughter
comes on here and tells you all the
goodness of our God,
that Jesus is the healer. He is a healer,
and
He is
going to visit America one
last time
in
a mighty outpouring of His Spirit.
Coachella
was just a prayer assignment. That's the
way he deals with me all the time. Like
I said, the more you get to know me, I
come on and do these videos
over these 30 days. People are asking me
to continue to do it afterwards. We'll
see; I probably will. I feel an
urgency to do this more and more. I
just thought you all would get tired of
it and not show up. I mean,
honestly, I thought, 'Well, if the
people show up and they want to pray, we
might as well pray.'You know,
whenever people don't show up, it's
discouraging. You go, 'Well,
what's the
point?'That
is what you think in your natural
mind. If they're not going to show up
and pray, then whatever. But
God
had an assignment. I didn't know what
the turnout was going to be, and I really
didn't care. He told me to do it.
He said, 'Do it,'and I said,
'Okay, Lord, I'll do it.'And people are
showing up and we're making a
difference. I'm going to pray today
for an outpouring, but we have to take
communion first. Excuse me.
Father,
we thank you for your body.
We thank you
for what you did on that cross 2,000
years ago.
We thank you that you said, 'By your
stripes, I am
healed,'from
the top of our head to the
soles of our feet, Lord.
We lift up this body before you, God.
I thank you that you were wounded
for our transgressions,
you were bruised for our iniquities, the
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we are healed.
Megan's healed. Reed is healed. I got
a call from a lady who broke
her ribs, and I lift up her ribs before
you in the name of Jesus. I thank
you, Father, that you're healing her
from the top of her head to her feet.
All her ribs are healed in
Jesus'name.
We say supernaturally, put them back
together with a creative miracle with no
more pain.
And we say, 'Satan, get your hands off of
God's property.'This is his child
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body
right now and we lift it up before you and
we thank you.
We thank you, Father,
for what you did for us on Calvary.
We take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
Now Lord, we lift up the blood and we
thank you. We enter in by the blood
of the lamb and by the word of our
testimony.
We have authority over the devil.
I thank you for the blood, Lord. We
take this blood right now in the name of
Jesus, and it washes us of our sins and
we enter into your throne room with
great boldness
today as we pray. We take our
dominion and authority over this earth
because you've given us dominion and
authority.
We thank you, Father,
that we are washed in the blood,
the
cleansing blood of the lamb.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for your blood, Lord.
It never loses its power.
We lift up the blood, Father, and we
thank you. We thank you, Father,
for the blood that washes us
from all our sins.
Father, you said
to
make much of the blood, and the blood
will make much of you. And we take the
blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Now Lord,
we enter in boldly
to your
throne. I
saw
in the comment
section—my
son told me—there's a lady that's
believing for healing.
He said, 'Pray for
her.'She
really needed prayer for her
menopause.
It's very serious; it's been
going on ten years.
Ten-year
menopause—no
more. The Lord spoke to me about this
and I'm believing with you. The
menopause symptoms of ten years are gone
now in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the hormones of this woman
who
has been bound by these menopausal
symptoms for ten years.
We say healing flow over your body
right now in the name of Jesus. From the
top of your head to the soles of your
feet, I pronounce you healed by his
stripes.
We say, 'Bonnie,
you are healed. Bonnie, you are
delivered. Bonnie, in the name of Jesus,
no more of this.'It is a curse. This
is not living in abundance to the full
until
it overflows. So we speak to the
hormones, the pituitary gland, and the
glands of the mind to line up in the
name of Jesus with the word of God.
We say in the name of Jesus, hormones
line up. Ovaries line up.
The signals to the body, we call healing
in the name of Jesus. We call deliverance
in the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Father, that you're restoring her body
from the top of her head to the soles of
her feet. No more of this menopause
stuff. Father, we thank you
for
the demonstrations and the
manifestations of your glory.
Lord, we plead the blood over every
single person that is represented here.
I attach my faith with theirs that
you are visiting their house today.
Father, with your healing touch,
nothing's too big and nothing's too
small. By his stripes, you are healed in
the name of Jesus. I thank you,
Lord, for the healing power that flows
on the inside of them in the name of
Jesus. I call them healed, I call them
whole, I call them well
in the name of Jesus—every single one
of them. Father, I pray over their
minds, over their emotions,
over every area of their life where
they're lacking. We thank you,
Father, for the healing power that flows
on the inside of their bodies.
I thank you,
Lord, for healing arthritis of the
necks and all the way down their backs.
I call them healed and whole,
discs
in their backs to be restored. All the discs
and
any kind of pain in the
backs, on their joints, their
knees, their legs, and their ankles.
Father, all
the joints of the body, I call them
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that we
take authority over these things and we
call those things that be not as though
they were. Father,
Lord, we speak to the bones
in the name of Jesus.
Now God, I thank you for finances for
the people,
Father, for the
sowers,
Father, that they will reap if they
faint not. And we thank you, Lord. We
pray miracle-grow soil on their seed.
We speak blessing and increase over
their household. Now, you can't sit
there and complain about your finances
if you haven't sown a seed. Even if
it's like the widow's mite, you have to
sow
seed. Seedtime and harvest
come
by whatsoever things you sow that we
also reap.
Farmers sow a crop to reap a crop.
So we speak to the
seed of the finances and we say in the
name of Jesus, 'Satan, get your hands off
of their money.'We call for creative
ideas to get wealth. I thank you,
Father, that you're visiting them
in the midnight hours, in the night when
they're sleeping, and
you would speak in their
dreams. You would speak to them, and
Father, you would give them
creative ideas to get wealth. I thank
you for supernatural wisdom, Father, for
jobs and better jobs, for great
promotions at their work, that
favor
follows the believer. For goodness and
mercy will follow you all the days of
your life, and we will dwell in the
house of the Lord forever. So, Father,
we speak to the favor and we say, 'Favor
is following us. Goodness and mercy is
following us.'And Father, I thank you
that favor is running. It's overflow
time. It's in abundance to the full
until
it overflows.
Father, I thank you
for supernatural favor coming to each
and every single person on this YouTube
channel. Father, that you bless them
indeed and that you increase their land
and that you enlarge their territory
that they would cause no pain. We thank
you for supernatural increase over their
jobs. Father, you said whatever
they put their hands to will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that Father there is an
anointing to prosper, not to be having
lack but to have abundance. So I pray
over their harvest. I pray over their
hands. Father, I thank you for
supernatural favor of open doors of
opportunity to create wealth.
Opportunity is coming in the name of
Jesus. The camels are coming in the name
of Jesus. We say the harvesters are
coming in the name of Jesus. It's
harvest time, a great
manifestation of the harvest. We call
forth harvesting of the
seed—harvesting
from what you've planted. Father,
the supernatural acceleration of
financial outpouring is coming in the
name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord,
for this will be a time of great
acceleration;
for whatever was
dormant will grow suddenly.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we line
up with what the word of God said in
Deuteronomy 28: 'And all these blessings
shall come upon thee and overtake
thee.'I
thank you, Lord, that it's an
overtaking blessing,
not a barely getting by;
that we are a lender unto many, and we
shall not borrow.
We're the head and not the tail,
above and not beneath. We'll go through
and will not go under.
For Father, this is a time of great
supernatural harvest acceleration.
Father, we take authority over
these things,
and I want you to agree with me.
Agree with me for supernatural debt
cancellation.
Father,
I thank you that the notes are
paid off in
full—from
student loans to car loans to house
loans to credit card debt. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that it's paid off in
full in the name of Jesus. I heard one
minister say, "Well, you just sow on
your credit card."I don't believe that.
No, you don't borrow to sow. I believe
you give. If the Lord tells
you to give something, you give what you
have. You don't borrow again and go in
more debt. I don't believe that.
Whatever. I believe that you can
give good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over will men give
into
your bosom. The wealth of the
sinners is laid up for the righteous.
There's a lot of gimmicks,
spiritual flakiness, and con
artists that I've seen,
and God help them. But the
seedtime
and harvest works. I'm a product of it.
I believe it.
But I sow. You have to sow into
good ground. People say, "Well, what
I sowed, I didn't get anything
back."Well,
what ground
did you sow into?
Sow
into good ground. Sow into ground
that reaps. For the Bible even says some
thirty,
some sixty, and a hundredfold. Well, they say,
"Well, I don't receive
nothing."Well,
are you cursing your seed?
What does your mountain say? What are
you saying to your mountain? What is
your mouth saying out over your seed
every day? Because life and death is in
the power of your tongue. I said the
Lord said it again: life and death is in
the power of your tongue.
And you're living today what you said
yesterday.
What you've said over the years, you
continue
to live. It takes a little bit
of time to turn the ship around. A big
cruise ship, they can't just turn it
like a little sports car. It takes a
little bit to turn that battleship
around.
And I'm trying to tell you, a
lot of you have been living and speaking
negativity
all
the time—doubting Thomas all the
time—and
you're living what you've been
saying for the last twenty years. So don't
get discouraged if it takes a little bit
to turn that negative around.
You've got to speak to your
circumstances and call those things that
be not as though they were. And you will
see the manifestation if you faint not.
Stand when all there else to do is
stand. Stand, therefore,
speaking
psalms, hymns, and spiritual
songs, making melody in your heart,
giving God praise out of your mouth.
Thank you, Father, for the
manifestation. Thank you, Lord, that you
are
taking care of me. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you said in your word that
you are my healer, that you are my
provider. You're the great Jehovah
Jireh.
And Lord, I only have a dollar or a
quarter to give, but I know that if I
sow, you, Father, said that you
would bring forth some thirty, some sixty, and
a hundredfold.
So, Father, I thank you. You
show me the good ground.
And I believe he that wins souls is
wise. So, I look for people who are
getting a lot of people saved,
that are helping the widow. I've noticed
the more you bless the widow, the more
you take care of the widow,
there's a covering. There's a spiritual
blessing behind that because he
commissioned us to do it. To take care
of the orphan, to take care of the
person in the prison, to send them
Bibles, to help people that were in
prison so that they get born again,
to rehabilitate them, to preach to the
widows, to help the widow out that can't
help themselves.
It's honorable,
and to pray and take care of the Jews.
There's blessings behind this. I look
for blessing ground. Who's helping
people out? Who's blessing the people
that can't
help themselves? The orphan. That's one.
Look at the people like that.
I look at people who are
doing things and
blessing ground. I'm just telling you
all: study. Study. The Bible says, "Study
to show yourself
approved."And
I believe with all my heart
we are accountable for our seed.
Don't eat your seed. A lot of people eat
their
seed. Don't eat it; sow it.
I believe in the tithe. They said,
"Well, tithing has been done away
with and we don't have to tithe
anymore because that was part of the law,
and Jesus came and redeemed us from the
curse of the law."We don't have to be
underneath that. And I hear all kinds
of people: "Oh, you don't tithe? I don't
tithe anymore. I don't believe in
tithing."I
do.
I believe it with all my heart. I
believe in the power of a seed. I
believe in sowing overflow and
believing
God for extra. And he said,
"Whatever you put your hands to will
prosper."And
I'm telling you, when you
put God over your finances and you make
him ruler over your life... you say,
"Well, I can't afford to
tithe."I
always told my wife, even when we were
living off food stamps:
"We cannot afford not to tithe
because I'm believing God for
extra."I
believe God. I'm believing God for
exceeding abundantly above all we ask or
think. I don't want
to live paycheck to paycheck.
And I know that my God shall supply all
my needs according to his riches and
glory by Christ Jesus.
A lot of people don't preach that
anymore. They get afraid of it because
they get tired of the
persecution. They get tired of the ugly
letters in the mail, tired of
the comment section. So they shy away
from it. "All you want is our
money."I've
heard it. I work
for megachurches. I saw it. My wife
counted the offerings, and people were
very aggressive about it being about money. If
you want to touch somebody and get them
mad, you talk about money and
they get real squirmy real quick. Or you
start talking about
their pet
peeves and you want to get somebody's
attention. Just like what it is with the
economy. Just
like the Lord told me, there's a great
shaking coming. There's a great shaking
coming with the economy because it's the
pocketbook. It's the god
of
people. Money is a
god to people.
Everybody is obsessed with it. It's
nuts. But it's power, and
that's what gives people
their lusts. A lot of
them are able to do
what they want to do; they live extravagantly
and
party and drink and
act a fool,
but it takes money to do that. And you
know what? I'm going to say
this—I
just saw
this in a vision right then: Halloween
is coming. Wow. I just keep going down
these trails
and the Lord keeps talking to me
about these people celebrating
Halloween.
God help you. If you truly knew the
witchcraft behind this holiday
and the demonic
strongholds attached to it, you
would know
there is so much bondage with Halloween,
satanic sacrifices, and witchcraft.
Everybody says, 'Well, we're
just going to dress up and have
Halloween night.'I'm not criticizing
the pastors who do that; if you
feel led to do that to be a
community outreach, who am I to say?
I'm just going to tell you, I
don't feel comfortable with it.
I have dealt too
much with the other side
trying to come against you to try to
buddy up with them
and go, 'Well, we're going to
dress
up and do
things and go out trick-or-treating or
whatever.'If
you all
truly knew...
I watched a video from this Hispanic
man—he
looked Hispanic—who was
an
ex-witch and warlock, and he got born
again. He even goes into the
depth of why you should not celebrate Halloween. I
think we're like two weeks away from it,
and I'm warning you all: there comes a
time where we have to set the
standard. My mom and dad
never allowed us to celebrate
it—never,
as kids. Thank God for that. They
always did because my dad was in biblical
counseling and he would lead witches
out of the occult. He studied
the occult for two years, learning
how to help people and get them free.
The stories they talk
about—child
sacrifice and all the
demonic stuff that goes on that
night—I
don't want any part. Light has no part
in darkness.
I don't
care what it is; there is no mixture.
It's like the lady that puts poo-poo in
the brownies and just mixes it up there
and they serve it to the kids. 'Well,
it's only one little speck of
poop in there, it's all right. You can
eat the whole pan, but there's only one
little speck.'We don't know where that
speck is, but you go ahead and
eat those poo-poo brownies. No, I'll
pass, thank you. Light has no fellowship
with darkness. Thank you, Holy Spirit.
There's a lot of compromise in
the church fellowshipping with darkness.
I don't believe in it.
I work too hard
in the spirit realm to buddy up for one
day.
No way. Not at my house. My kids never
celebrate it. Never.
It's dark.
Thank you, Holy Spirit. There
is
now no condemnation for those
who are in Christ Jesus,
but I'm trying to tell you
that it's time to be on fire and be
bolder about what we believe.
There's coming a day very soon, and
people don't want to hear it. They
shut me down all the
time—especially
in church. 'Be quiet. Don't
say that. You're speaking
fear.'God
have mercy on y'all
because you have no idea.
As a watchman, I yell as loud as I
can—like
I said, like
Coachella—trying
to warn you about what's coming.
Even Billy tonight—Billy Burke—was talking about a stove, and he was
talking about
the darkness
trying to warn everybody because
he obviously is a seer.
He didn't get into the depth of
it because people don't have ears to
hear. There are some of you all that do.
There's a big stove with all this
stuff that Washington has been cooking up,
and they're getting ready to serve
y'all.
A lot of you don't understand
that, but there's a big stove with a
bunch of mess—pots of nasty garbage that
they've been cooking up on that
stove—and
it's fixing to be served
to the people.
Tribulation is coming. The Great Tribulation is
coming. You need to understand what I'm
telling you.
The birthing pains over this
next year are going to intensify beyond
anybody's comprehension.
You will see what you never thought you
would see. You thought, 'Well, we'd be
raptured out of here by now,'but I'm
telling you, there's no escape mentality
when it comes to this stuff. He didn't
call us to escape; He called us to be
warriors. And that's when the Lord told
me, 'I'm raising up men with a
backbone.'They
have some testosterone to them
like David. They've tried to
demasculinize
you
by feminizing you, making you
limp-wristed
like metrosexual
weanies. And you go, 'Well, we got our
skinny jeans and our fog machines, and
we're all shaking a little bit
underneath this Holy Ghost bump as the
air conditioner goes by and blows some
cold air on us. Was that the Holy
Ghost?'I'm
telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, when it's the real Holy
Ghost, you won't question it. You won't
sit there and go, 'Was that the air
conditioner? Was that the Holy Ghost? I
got some
goosebumps.'When
the Holy Ghost comes, it
changes you.
He changes you from the inside out.
Whenever you fall down in the Holy
Ghost, you get back up off that
ground and know that you are changed because
the glory of the Lord has changed you
and you'll
never be the same.
I'm tired of playing church,
going from one church service to another
and not experiencing
life-changing
events that get inside of you and make
you more like Him.
Who cares about going to church and
getting a lukewarm word and
feeling
good for a couple of minutes and
going
home and sitting on the couch and watching The
Office?
I need more of Jesus.
Less of me and more of Him, for He is at
the spout. I want to be at the spout
where the glory comes out.
Oh, I'm desperate.
How desperate are you? How thirsty are
you? How hungry are you
for change in your life?
I tell you these things because it's on
me to say it.
If you're lukewarm,
He said, 'I would rather you be hot or
cold, but if you are lukewarm, I'll spew
you out of my
mouth.'I
want to be on fire for Jesus. I want
to be
a burning
light,
standing there with the glory on me and
the light shining off my face so that
people say there's something different
about him.
It's only by the grace and the love
of God that I'm able to do it, but it's
by drawing close and sitting in His lap
on a day-to-day basis, seeking Him
daily—not
just on
Sunday—being
desperate
for more because there's going to be a
great outpouring of the Spirit of the
Lord, and I want to be a part of it.
I'm hungry. Are you desperate?
Do
you still want to
live in compromise because it's
convenient?
God is not convenient.
Walking in fire is not convenient.
Having a manifestation of the glory is
not always convenient.
I've had enough of
hearing that Donald Trump is
going to save America.
I've had enough
of
hearing all these preachers prophesy. I
even said it,
but I said it would come from a place
of humility hitting this
nation.
I saw him underneath great
pressure, and the glory was on him, and
there was a radical conversion of the
glory of God that
transforms him into a man that is
praying and interceding on behalf
of America. I saw the
glory of the Lord on him, and he shined
with the glory. He was in the Oval
Office interceding on behalf of America,
crying out, 'For if my people who are
called by my name will humble themselves
and pray and turn from their wicked
ways, then they will hear from heaven
and I will heal their land.'There
were
people interceding in that office,
praying
for America, and the darkness
lifted above the tree line. It did not
fully go away.
He took
the paddles and He shocked the
nation—the
Holy Ghost did—and it sent ripples
of glory throughout
the
nation and the land. But the darkness was
still hovering. However, it gave us a
breather.
You know, whenever you
are able to breathe, you have some room
to breathe.
It gave us some room to move because the
darkness was lifted above the tree line.
Glory.
I believe with all my heart that God is
going to do it one more time like he did
in the Welsh revival,
like he did
in the 1700s and
the 1800s,
Wesley
and
Finney.
Oh Lord, do it again.
Do it again. Lord,
we don't want to play church anymore.
I'm tired of going to churches
and having a little bit of an
experience. Thank God for Chip and
Candace.
Those people want a revival; those
people want a Holy Ghost move. I'm not
speaking about my
pastors—I
want you to know
that—I'm
talking about churches that I have
visited.
But Chip and Candace, they want the
glory. Thank God for people who want the
glory. Thank God for my pastors.
Thank God for them.
I see the fire and the hunger in their
eyes even during the Nancy
Dufresne
meetings when she was here
doing the healing services, and they were
so hungry and thirsty after
it. And I was like, "God, thank you for
planting me in a place like
this."I'm
so grateful I wasn't around it for
so many years with people that were just
dead to the Holy Spirit, showing up on
Sunday and walking out unchanged week
after week after week and begging for
prayer. Another person
is
committing adultery, another person is
out drinking or partying or
going to the strip club. "Well, the grace
covers that, brother. You can go to the
strip clubs and go to the
sex clubs and that's okay because God knows
my heart and grace covers
it."Really,
really
seriously?
May
God help you.
People
ask me about the Tower
Garden.
This is just another thing here;
it's on my heart.
The Tower Garden that I spoke
about—Google
it. You'll find
everything you need to know about the
Tower Garden and educate yourself. There
are
videos on YouTube about it. It
will help you; you'll need this. The
dear sister that told us about
it, I pray for you. God bless you and
your family. She's such a blessing,
her and her family telling us about the
Tower Garden. Google it. I
don't know if she'll let me show her a
link or whatever, but there are people
you can order a Tower Garden from. I
believe it's maybe like towergarden.com. It's
on
Google.
And so, my wife can't get to all the
emails—there's
so many of you—and it's
not hard, and it will bless you.
Tower Garden.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for every
single person. And I even pray for my
pastors this week. I bless them, Father.
I bless them. And I thank you for a
fresh touch of your spirit on them.
For Pastor Chip and Candace and the
ministry team there, I lift them up
before you, Father. And I pray a fresh
fire on their lives. I pray, Father, for
you to stir in them and protect them,
that you put a covering
over them so that no weapon formed against
them would prosper.
I pray for my pastors, Father, that they
are blessed in the city and in the field,
coming in and going out. And I thank
you, Lord, that you've called them to
the kingdom for such a time as this,
that there is a mighty move of your
spirit upon Chip and that you touch his
heart and you bring a fresh fire on him.
Father, a fresh anointed word
for the prayer conference.
Father, I thank you for a fresh anointed
word, for a fresh anointed touch on his
life like he's never experienced before,
and
on Candace and Chip. I bless them in the
name of Jesus. And I thank you, Father,
for godly leaders that are covering
their flock and that are true pastors
who
love their congregation,
get dirty from sheep dung and are not
afraid of it, and really get down in the
stalls to clean them out and love on
the people. I thank you for pastors that
have an awakening unto God and
that lead and clean throughout America.
Clean the sheep up and teach them how to
live by faith and not like a
baby, teaching them the meat of the word
like Pastor Chip.
We lift up the people,
Father, that they would preach the
gospel uncompromising, unhindered by any
compromise, and not be intimidated by
men's opinion.
Raising up godly leaders in these last
days. Father, we thank you, Lord, for a
fresh touch of your fire upon these men
of God that are hungry and thirsty after
righteousness. Father, for the women of
God, their wives, and for the ministry
teams, we call forth fresh fire and fresh
anointing on them in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
expose all darkness and the wolves
in
sheep's clothing behind pulpits in
America and across the world. Father,
for you said great judgment would begin
in
the house of the Lord. And we call
forth the ones that are in it just for
money to be exposed and removed, or Father,
their hearts to change.
That you would bring a great humbling
upon these men; that Father,
they are out just to profit and
gain off of your body.
Father, that you would shake them to
awaken them and they would humble
themselves underneath the mighty hand of
God, and in due time you said you would
exalt them. But Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the corruption from all kinds
of dirtiness in the church would be
exposed and cleaned out.
The cancers of the church would be
removed and the hearts would change.
That we would have revival again.
For if revival was to take place right
now, where would the revival take place?
For there's a lot of corruption
behind the four walls. But Father, I
thank you, Lord, that there would be a
great revival even in the streets
amongst the people who are the remnant,
the ones that are
hungry
and thirsty after righteousness.
For you said those that hunger and
thirst after righteousness will be
filled with the glory.
Create in us a clean heart, oh God.
Create in us clean hearts. Create in us
a
right standing with you;
that Father, we are the
head and not the tail and above and not
beneath, that we are the salt, Father,
in these last days. That there would be
a great harvest of souls, Father. We
call forth the blinded eyes to be opened
in the name of Jesus. We speak to the
eyes. Father, I
thank you, Lord, according to Ephesians,
that the eyes of their
understanding would be enlightened, that
they would know what is the hope of the
calling. We speak to the blinders, for
you said in your word that Satan has
blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we speak for the blinders to be
removed in the name of Jesus off
of
their
eyes—that
the blinders of the eyes would be
removed now in the name of
Jesus—that
they would see. We call
those eyes to pop open in the name of
Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Satan is
no longer able to blind the unbeliever's
eyes. That there is a
moment, a pause in the spirit realm so
people can make their own decisions.
For all the unsaved loved ones and all
the people that are represented here
that are crying out for their lost
family members,
we speak for the laborers and the
harvesters to go and bring them forth in
the name of Jesus,
that the angels of the Lord would camp
around and about them and make war
against the demonic spirits that
were
causing hindrance for them to come in.
And we thank you, Lord, that their eyes
would see
and their ears would hear.
And those of you that are praying for
them, do not give up on them. They will
come in. For there is one last call,
one last call
of a harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for it is the goodness of God that draws
man to repentance. And I call forth in
the name of Jesus healings,
demonstrations, and manifestations of the
glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
supernatural touches like we saw last
night; for great healings will take
place. Great manifestations and healings
will take place in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you.
Father, we just take the time to give
you praise for this coming to pass, for
the healings upon America, for the
revivals upon the world,
Australia, Asia, South
America, Mexico,
Guatemala, and El
Salvador. All these places, Father,
we call for revival:
over Romania,
over Poland,
over Italy, over France. One last call
over England, Father, and over Iceland
and Finland and all the nations that
are represented. Father, we call for a
great harvest of your souls.
A shaking to awaken, even over Moscow and
over Russia. We call forth a harvest
over Russia,
Father, for all the beautiful people
that are represented in Russia. There
are
so many good people; we call forth a
harvest, Father.
We will not shy back, but we will press
forward.
We will not be ashamed of the Lord Jesus
Christ,
for great fire will stay on them that
believe.
For you will walk in demonstrations in
these days ahead, for there will be an
outpouring of my spirit and not dread.
For
this is the day
to
come up higher. Come
up higher with my fire and distribute it
out between the nations.
For great glory will rest upon thee, and
on your faces people will see it. There
will be great glory. There
will be signs and wonders that
will follow them that believe.
For this is the last call; this is the
last hour and you will see my Son's
return soon.
For lift up your eyes and lift up your
countenance, for the glory
is coming on you.
Stay.
Glory, glory,
glory.
Do not shy back
with the lack,
for there will be no lack. There
will be an abundant supply
for what I've asked you to do. Many of
you say, "How will we
walk through? How will we do what
you've called us to do? For there
is lack."I
say, in a moment there will
be a transfer—a transfer of my wealth
laid up for the righteous. Have your
ears open to me and you will hear what I've
called you to do. And there will be a
flow for you; a
demonstration of the flow will flow
through you.
You will see it. Do not shy back
with lack thinking,
"Well, I don't have it. I can't do
it."No,
there is a divine
illustration and manifestation of
financial abundance coming.
A great
move of my spirit is yet to come. Even
in the days ahead, you will walk in
this.
Do not lose hope, but
do not grow weary in
well-doing.
I say it again: Do not grow weary in
well-doing,
but look up unto the hills
where your help comes from. It's coming
within you. It is in you. The hope of
glory dwells on the
inside of you. I am in you and I will
abide in you, and I said I would never
leave you and I will never forsake you.
Lo, and until the end of the earth, I said I
would be with you always. So rejoice, for
now is the time of the great harvest.
Now is the time to walk in the
manifestations and the demonstrations of
the glory.
Rejoice,
for many have gone on home before that
waited to want to soar like you will
soar.
Many have gone on home.
I see them there; there are a lot
of them that wanted to be where we are
right now.
And
yet you chose us
for such a time as this.
I have called you and I have chosen you
So don't lose hope. Don't grow weary
in
well-doing
for the best is yet to come.
Days of heaven on earth you will see.
For the glory will rise in
thee in a greater way.
Lord, we
thank you for the
manifestation of this.
We worship you
for your demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory,
arising up
as the army,
rising up with
courage
to be filled with and
controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to your name.
See the glory
come down.
See
the glory.
the glory come down.
Oh,
Lord's
presence is so strong.
Oh, Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all I see.
And when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh, Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I seek. And when your
eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh, Lord,
please light
the fire
that once burned bright and clear.
Father,
I thank you.
It will be birthed out of the
spirit
before you see it in the natural.
For
the great doors
will
open. The ancient doors will be
opened.
By much prayer and much fasting unto me,
the doors will be open.
Roots of fear, roots of
torment, roots of fear
be gone in the name of
Jesus.
For it will go like a boomerang back on
them. For every tongue that rises
against you, you will condemn and it
will not bear fruit on you.
It will be an example
of my divine protection.
Every
day,
things will break off now.
All hidden things be revealed.
Glory to you, Lord,
for you
are good and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord,
for a fresh touch of your glory.
Father,
I
thank you
that every single person who
is
believing to be baptized in the Holy
Spirit, speaking with other tongues, would
have
a fresh fire
and
an outpouring of
your spirit on them. Father,
I thank you that there
are
no spirits that try to hinder, harm,
or cause them any kind of blockage
concerning the river
that flows out of them in
Jesus'name.
What a day this was.
Day eight.
Praise the Lord.
The spirit of intercessory prayer is here.
People want to
know where
I got these prayer
shawls
from in the comment section.
Someone gave this one to me
and it was a blessing.
I
got
the other one at Mardel,
and
you can get them on Amazon.
You can get those prayer
shawls.
I
use
it for a
prayer cover. I used
to get distracted whenever I would
pray in my old house
because our house
was so small. So I put that on there so
my kids, when they ran down the hall,
wouldn't distract
me
when I was praying. Now it has been a habit; it is the way I pray. So you don't want to do it, don't do it. I'm not
telling you that it says you have to do it, but
I just do it.
People want to know
about my prayer
shawls.
They're just like a blanket to
me. God bless you all. Thank you for
liking my videos; it really blesses us.
Liking the video
is a real blessing. It helps us with the
algorithm on YouTube—clicking
the
notification bell, liking, and
subscribing—all of
it helps us to
get more people going. The more
people we have, the more we reach. I
just want to say glory to God for that.
It's
not anything about me, but all glory to
Him. For He is the potter, we are
the clay, and we have a treasure in
an earthen
vessel. The excellency of
the power will be known of Him and not
of us. So I just want to say
thank you, Jesus, for all that He's done
even in this year since July
11th.
If you're new here, welcome. Thank
you for joining us today for prayer.
What I do is pray in the
spirit. I believe in the baptism of the
Holy Spirit according to Acts chapter 2.
And I thank you, Lord, for that gift;
it's amazing. And you can have it too. He
is
no respecter of persons. I believe
with all my heart that Jesus will
baptize you with the Holy Ghost and
fire. Tomorrow we will pray again, and
it'll be day nine. I am excited;
we'll keep going with
this until the Lord says
stop. I'm excited to keep
coming back. I don't know what
that really was today; it just came up
out of me again—the Holy Spirit
talking that way. So I hope it blessed
you; if not, maybe it corrected you.
If you
have
to, put it on a shelf and eat it
as you can if it's bitter.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your
heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you all again tomorrow.
God bless you all and have a wonderful
day. Truly have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.